<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Azure Network Security Perimeter Module

This module is used to manage [Azure Network Security Perimeters (NSP)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/private-link/network-security-perimeter-concepts), including profiles, access rules, and resource associations.

Network Security Perimeter allows Azure PaaS resources to communicate within an explicit trusted boundary by defining network security policies. It provides a centralized approach to managing network access for supported PaaS services without relying solely on individual resource-level firewall rules.

## Features

The module supports:

- Creating a Network Security Perimeter
- Creating NSP profiles to group access rules
- Creating inbound and outbound access rules (address prefixes, FQDNs, subscriptions, service tags)
- Associating PaaS resources with the perimeter via resource associations
- Configuring access modes for resource associations (`Learning`, `Enforced`, `Audit`)
- Role assignments on the perimeter resource
- Resource locks
- Tagging

## Usage

To use this module in your Terraform configuration, you'll need to provide values for the required variables.

### Example - Network Security Perimeter with a Profile and Access Rules

This example creates an NSP with one profile, an inbound rule allowing specific public IP ranges, and an outbound rule allowing access to a storage account FQDN.

> **Note:** Inbound access rules require public IP address prefixes (RFC 1918 private ranges are not allowed). Outbound FQDN rules require fully qualified domain names (wildcard patterns are not supported).

```terraform
module "network_security_perimeter" {
  source = "Azure/avm-res-network-networksecurityperimeter/azapi"

  location            = "eastus2"
  name                = "nsp-demo-eastus2-001"
  resource_group_name = "rg-demo-eastus2-001"

  profiles = {
    profile1 = {
      name = "default-profile"
    }
  }

  access_rules = {
    allow_inbound_public = {
      name             = "allow-inbound-public"
      profile_key      = "profile1"
      direction        = "Inbound"
      address_prefixes = ["203.0.113.0/24", "198.51.100.0/24"]
    }
    allow_outbound_storage = {
      name                         = "allow-outbound-storage"
      profile_key                  = "profile1"
      direction                    = "Outbound"
      fully_qualified_domain_names = ["mystorageaccount.blob.core.windows.net"]
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.network_security_perimeter](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azurerm_management_lock.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/management_lock) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: Azure region where the resource should be deployed.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the Network Security Perimeter. Must be 1-80 characters, start and end with alphanumeric, and may contain alphanumeric, underscore, period, or hyphen.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name)

Description: The resource group where the resources will be deployed.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_access_rules"></a> [access\_rules](#input\_access\_rules)

Description: A map of NSP access rules to create. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys may be unknown at plan time.

- `name` - (Required) The name of the access rule. Must follow NSP naming constraints (1-80 chars, alphanumeric with `_`, `.`, `-`).
- `profile_key` - (Required) The key from `var.profiles` that identifies the profile this rule belongs to.
- `direction` - (Required) Direction of the access rule. Possible values: `Inbound`, `Outbound`.
- `address_prefixes` - (Optional) List of inbound IPv4/IPv6 address prefixes. Applicable for `Inbound` rules.
- `email_addresses` - (Optional) List of outbound email addresses. Currently unavailable for use.
- `fully_qualified_domain_names` - (Optional) List of outbound FQDNs. Applicable for `Outbound` rules.
- `phone_numbers` - (Optional) List of outbound phone numbers. Currently unavailable for use.
- `service_tags` - (Optional) List of inbound service tag names. Currently unavailable for use.
- `subscriptions` - (Optional) List of subscription IDs (ARM format: `/subscriptions/{id}`) for cross-subscription inbound access.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name                         = string
    profile_key                  = string
    direction                    = string
    address_prefixes             = optional(list(string), [])
    email_addresses              = optional(list(string), [])
    fully_qualified_domain_names = optional(list(string), [])
    phone_numbers                = optional(list(string), [])
    service_tags                 = optional(list(string), [])
    subscriptions                = optional(list(string), [])
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_link_references"></a> [link\_references](#input\_link\_references)

Description: A map of NSP link references to manage. Link references are automatically created on the remote NSP when an NSP link is established. All properties are read-only in the current API version. The map key is deliberately arbitrary.

- `name` - (Required) The name of the link reference.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name = string
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_links"></a> [links](#input\_links)

Description: A map of NSP links to create. Links connect two Network Security Perimeters to allow traffic between them. The map key is deliberately arbitrary.

- `name` - (Required) The name of the link. Must follow NSP naming constraints (1-80 chars, alphanumeric with `_`, `.`, `-`).
- `auto_approved_remote_perimeter_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the remote NSP to auto-approve the link for.
- `description` - (Optional) A message passed to the owner of the remote NSP link resource to request approval.
- `local_inbound_profiles` - (Optional) List of local inbound profile names to which inbound traffic is allowed. Use `['*']` to allow inbound to all profiles.
- `remote_inbound_profiles` - (Optional) List of remote inbound profile names to which inbound traffic is allowed on the remote NSP.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name                                       = string
    auto_approved_remote_perimeter_resource_id = optional(string)
    description                                = optional(string)
    local_inbound_profiles                     = optional(list(string), [])
    remote_inbound_profiles                    = optional(list(string), [])
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_lock"></a> [lock](#input\_lock)

Description: Controls the Resource Lock configuration for this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `kind` - (Required) The type of lock. Possible values are `\"CanNotDelete\"` and `\"ReadOnly\"`.
- `name` - (Optional) The name of the lock. If not specified, a name will be generated based on the `kind` value. Changing this forces the creation of a new resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    kind = string
    name = optional(string, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_profiles"></a> [profiles](#input\_profiles)

Description: A map of NSP profiles to create under the Network Security Perimeter. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys may be unknown at plan time.

- `name` - (Required) The name of the profile. Must follow NSP naming constraints (1-80 chars, alphanumeric with `_`, `.`, `-`).

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name = string
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_resource_associations"></a> [resource\_associations](#input\_resource\_associations)

Description: A map of NSP resource associations to link PaaS resources to the Network Security Perimeter. The map key is deliberately arbitrary.

- `name` - (Required) The name of the resource association. Must follow NSP naming constraints.
- `private_link_resource_id` - (Required) The ARM resource ID of the PaaS resource to associate (must support Private Link).
- `profile_key` - (Required) The key from `var.profiles` that identifies the NSP profile to assign to this association.
- `access_mode` - (Optional) Access mode for the association. Possible values: `Learning`, `Enforced`, `Audit`. Defaults to `Learning`.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name                     = string
    private_link_resource_id = string
    profile_key              = string
    access_mode              = optional(string, "Learning")
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_role_assignments"></a> [role\_assignments](#input\_role\_assignments)

Description: A map of role assignments to create on this resource. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `role_definition_id_or_name` - The ID or name of the role definition to assign to the principal.
- `principal_id` - The ID of the principal to assign the role to.
- `description` - The description of the role assignment.
- `skip_service_principal_aad_check` - If set to true, skips the Azure Active Directory check for the service principal in the tenant. Defaults to false.
- `condition` - The condition which will be used to scope the role assignment.
- `condition_version` - The version of the condition syntax. Valid values are '2.0'.
- `delegated_managed_identity_resource_id` - The delegated Azure Resource Id which contains a Managed Identity. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `principal_type` - The type of the principal\_id. Possible values are `User`, `Group` and `ServicePrincipal`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. It is necessary to explicitly set this attribute when creating role assignments if the principal creating the assignment is constrained by ABAC rules that filters on the PrincipalType attribute.

> Note: only set `skip_service_principal_aad_check` to true if you are assigning a role to a service principal.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    role_definition_id_or_name             = string
    principal_id                           = string
    description                            = optional(string, null)
    skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
    condition                              = optional(string, null)
    condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
    delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) Tags of the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_access_rules"></a> [access\_rules](#output\_access\_rules)

Description: A map of the NSP access rule submodule outputs. Keyed by the map key used in var.access\_rules.

### <a name="output_link_references"></a> [link\_references](#output\_link\_references)

Description: A map of the NSP link reference submodule outputs. Keyed by the map key used in var.link\_references.

### <a name="output_links"></a> [links](#output\_links)

Description: A map of the NSP link submodule outputs. Keyed by the map key used in var.links.

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the network security perimeter.

### <a name="output_profiles"></a> [profiles](#output\_profiles)

Description: A map of the NSP profile submodule outputs. Keyed by the map key used in var.profiles.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: The full network security perimeter resource object.

### <a name="output_resource_associations"></a> [resource\_associations](#output\_resource\_associations)

Description: A map of the NSP resource association submodule outputs. Keyed by the map key used in var.resource\_associations.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the network security perimeter.

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_nsp_access_rule"></a> [nsp\_access\_rule](#module\_nsp\_access\_rule)

Source: ./modules/access_rule

Version:

### <a name="module_nsp_link"></a> [nsp\_link](#module\_nsp\_link)

Source: ./modules/link

Version:

### <a name="module_nsp_link_reference"></a> [nsp\_link\_reference](#module\_nsp\_link\_reference)

Source: ./modules/link_reference

Version:

### <a name="module_nsp_profile"></a> [nsp\_profile](#module\_nsp\_profile)

Source: ./modules/profile

Version:

### <a name="module_nsp_resource_association"></a> [nsp\_resource\_association](#module\_nsp\_resource\_association)

Source: ./modules/resource_association

Version:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->