<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# NSP Link Submodule

This submodule manages links for a Network Security Perimeter (`Microsoft.Network/networkSecurityPerimeters/links`).

Links connect two Network Security Perimeters to allow traffic between them, with configurable local and remote inbound profiles.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the NSP link. Must be 1-80 characters, start and end with alphanumeric, and may contain alphanumeric, underscore, period, or hyphen.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_network_security_perimeter_resource_id"></a> [network\_security\_perimeter\_resource\_id](#input\_network\_security\_perimeter\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the parent Network Security Perimeter.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_auto_approved_remote_perimeter_resource_id"></a> [auto\_approved\_remote\_perimeter\_resource\_id](#input\_auto\_approved\_remote\_perimeter\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the remote NSP to auto-approve the link for.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_description"></a> [description](#input\_description)

Description: A message passed to the owner of the remote NSP link resource to request approval.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_local_inbound_profiles"></a> [local\_inbound\_profiles](#input\_local\_inbound\_profiles)

Description: List of local inbound profile names to which inbound traffic is allowed. Use `['*']` to allow inbound to all profiles.

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `[]`

### <a name="input_remote_inbound_profiles"></a> [remote\_inbound\_profiles](#input\_remote\_inbound\_profiles)

Description: List of remote inbound profile names to which inbound traffic is allowed. Use `['*']` to allow inbound to all profiles on the remote NSP.

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `[]`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the NSP link.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: The full NSP link resource object.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the NSP link.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft's privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->